**Your goal is to generate a fast forward merge. Demonstrate that you understand how FF merges work by creating one on your own!**

Informal greetings
9. Hello / Hi / Hey
10. Morning / Afternoon / Evening
11. How are you doing? / How’s it going?
12. Nice to see you / It’s great to see you / Good to see you
13. Long-time no see / It’s been a while
Slang greetings
14. Yo!
15. What’s up?
16. Sup
17. Heyyy
British greetings
18. Lovely to meet you / Lovely to see you
19. Are you OK?
20. Alright, mate? / Alright?
21. Hiya!
22. What’s the craic?
Funny Greetings
23. Ahoy!
24. Hello stranger!
25. ‘Ello, gov’nor!
26. Goodmorrow!
27. What’s crackin’?
28. What’s up buttercup?
29. Howdy!
A brief afterword
1. How do you do?
2. Nice to meet you / Pleased to meet you
3. How have you been?
4. Good Morning / Good Afternoon / Good Evening

3. How have you been?
This is a polite way to ask “How are you?” when you have not seen a person for a long time. Ask this question only if you have met someone before.

A: How have you been?
B: I’ve been busy working a lot. How about you?
The best way to ensure that your greetings sound natural and confident is to practice them aloud, preferably with a fluent speaker to give you pointers. No-one to practice with? Find your perfect tutor.

4. Good Morning / Good Afternoon / Good Evening
These ways of greeting people are used at different times of the day. Whether you speak with a regular customer, colleagues or new neighbors, these phrases are effective to start the ball rolling.

The greetings change depending on the time of the day. For example, “Good morning” is generally used from 5:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. whereas “Good afternoon” time is from 12:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. “Good evening” is often used after 6 p.m. or when the sun goes down.

Keep in mind that “Goodnight” is not a salutation. In formal communication, it is used to say goodbye. For example:

It was nice to meet you. Goodnight!
Goodnight! See you tomorrow.

If you are looking for a VERY formal phrase for someone you meet for the first time, this one will be the most suitable. While this salutation is quite uncommon today, you can still hear it from older people.

“Hello. How do you do?” is perfect for a business dinner or a formal event, such as a conference. As per professional speech in every language, the most appropriate response is neutral or positive “I’m doing well thank you / Fine, thank you” to keep some distance, even if you are actually having a very bad day!

If used as a formal greeting, sometimes “How do you do” is, strangely, used as a statement rather than a question. This most often happens when shaking hands with someone for the first time. It is easy to hear if this is the case: there will be no inflection at the end of the sentence. In this instance, the correct response is to repeat the question back to the asker in the same flat tone, “How do you do?”
